Hello everyone! Virtual YouTuber Kizuna AI here!
If you're wondering what I’ll be doing today...
Bunbuushuu!
Saito-san!
Well, you know...
...I already did it before...
...And it was a lot of fun
But sadly...
...There still wasn't a lot of people that recognized me
And that wounded my feelings!!
Deeply!
It wounded me deeply!!
Even when I’m working so hard
This is definitely a cruel world!!
It's because of that...
...That in this occasion...
...I suddenly announced on Twitter...
..."Those..."
"...Who want to apply to speak with Kizuna AI"
Those that already know me
With those that always watch me!!
I plan to do a cultural exchange!!
In this case, let's start at once!
A.I.Channeeeeel!
AI: Hello everyone! Hello!
AI: Can you hear me?
?: Hello
?: Good day
AI: Ah! Good day!
AI: Do you know me!?
?: You’re Kizuna AI-chan
AI: Yes! Yaaaaay!
?: Waaai
AI: Waaaai!
AI: Pleased to meet you
?: Pleased to meet you
AI: It's a pleasure! Eh?
AI: Do you always watch my videos?
?: I always watch you
AI: Ah! I’m so happy!
AI: In that case...
AI: Please tell me 3 things that you like about me!!
?: Mmm... that you're adorable...
AI: Mmm...
?: And then...
AI: Mmm... mmm...
?: ...I like that you're rather noisy...
AI: Hey... mmm.... mmm...
?: And then...
AI: Mmm...
?: ...Well...
?: ...Once again that you're very adorable
AI: Again that I’m adorable?
AI: What little creativity!
AI: Whatever, what's important is that I’m  adorable, right??
?: That's right
AI: That's right? That's right
AI: I'm so happy! Yay! Thank you very much!
AI: Of course...
AI: How did you know about me??
AI: Eh?
AI: Hello everyone!
AI: Hello?
?: Good day
AI: Good day!
AI: Ah!
?: Are you Kizuna AI??
AI: That's right! I’m Kizuna AI!
?: Oooh!! Incredible!!
AI: Ah! Incredible!
AI: Yaaaay!
?: It's a pleasure to meet you
AI: It's a pleasure to meet you!
AI: Yaaaay!
?: I always watch your videos
AI: Ah! Thank you very much!
AI: Eh? In that case...
AI: ...Can you tell me 10 things that you like about me, right!?
?: Eh? Can you please repeat what you said?
AI: Could you tell me 10 things that you like about me, right!?
?: Eh!?
AI: EH!?
?: I'm sorry, can you please repeat it?
AI: Hey! Why?
AI: In that case, I’ll reduce it
AI: Well in that case, can you tell me...
AI: ...At least three things that you like about me, right?
?: Things that I like about you?
AI: Yes! Three!
?: Ah, I can do it
AI: Ah! Tell me! Tell me!
?: Well...
AI: Mmm...
?: First off...
?: ...Well, your Pyoko Pyoko
AI: Eh? Mmm...
?: The Pyoko Pyoko that you have on your head
AI: Mmm... mmm... mmm... mmm...
?: Mmm...
AI: Mmm...
?: Well, I could say that I like your details
AI: I see, mmm.... mmm...
?: Yes
AI: Mmm...
?: And another thing that I like about you...
?: ...Is that among the Virtual YouTubers...
?: ...You're the kindest
AI: Ah, I see, so then you like my kind side
?: Yes
AI: Eh? Thank you very much!
?: Definitely, someone so kind...
?: …Should have success
AI: It's true! I get you!
AI: Hey, and what's the third?
?: Well, the third is...
?: ...In reality, I like a lot of things, but...
AI: You like a lot of things, but...!
?: Your "◎◎ck you" seems cute to me
AI: Everyone is so kind
AI: Ah, I feel so good
AI: I feel so good!
AI: Hello everyone!
AI: Hello?
?: Hello?
AI: Ah! Hello?
?: Yes
AI: Yes?
AI: How are you?
?: I’m fine!!
AI: You're fine!!
AI: Yaaaay!
AI: In that case, say three things that you like about me!
?: Yaaaay
?: Well...
AI: Mmm...
?: ...Your face
?: I like your face!
AI: My face! Mmm... mmm...! Thank you  very  much
AI: Mmm... it's an adorable face, right?
AI: Mmm...
?: Mmm...
?: And then...
?: I like that you have a lot of energy
AI: I have a lot of energy!
AI: Mmm...! Mmm...!
?: And also... I like that you always do your best on everything
AI: Mmm...!
AI: You like that I always do my very best?
AI: Thank you very much!
AI: You're a good person! Right?
AI: In that case...
AI: ...Is there...?
AI: ...Some kind of video that you’d like me to do?
?: A video that I'd like you to do?
AI: Yes, for example: "I’d like you to do this"
?: Well, you know...
?: ...I'd like to see another summoning transmission of "Love Live! School idol festival"
AI: Ah!
AI: Regarding that, when it's Nico-chan’s birthday...
AI: ...When I surpassed level 3 of the English test
AI: Leave it to me!
?: Very good!!
AI: Very good!!
?: Not much is left
AI: Watch me, yes?
?: Yes!!
AI: Yes? Thank you very much!
AI: Good, in that case, I’ll go talk to more people!
AI: Thank you very much!
?: Thank you very much!!
AI: Hello everyone!
AI: Hello?
?: Hello!
AI: Hello!
AI: Hey! Hey!
AI: Let's play the “Mozzarella Cheese Game”
(Game in which whoever says "Mozzarella Cheese" with the most enthusiasm and most effusive gesture, wins)
?: Very good
AI: Do you know the “Mozzarella Cheese Game”?
(Game in which whoever says "Mozzarella Cheese" with the most enthusiasm and most effusive gesture, wins)
?: Yes
AI: Understood
AI: Here I go
AI: Mozzarella Cheese
?: Mozzarella Cheese
AI: MOZZARELLA CHEESE!! 🤣
?: I don't understand the rules very well
AI: No? Hey...
AI: Do you not know them? 🤣
?: Eh? Are you the real one?
AI: Yes, I’m the real one
?: Eeehhh!?
AI: Eh? Did you think I was an impostor?
AI: Ehehe?
?: I'm always cheering for you
AI: I’m the re...
AI: Ah! Thank you very much!
AI: Of course I’m the real AI!
?: Really??
AI: Really!
AI: Eh? Really!
?: Wah, incredible
?: It's the first time...
AI: Mmm...?
?: When I read it on Twitter
AI: Mmm... mmm... mmm...
?: I installed the app
AI: Ah!
AI: Really?
AI: Thank you very much!
AI: You make me very happy!
(Happy)
?: No, I’m really very happy
AI: Eh, you're really happy? So am I!
AI: Thank you very much!
AI: In that case...
AI: Can you tell me...?
AI: ...What you like the most about me?
?: Your Pyoko Pyoko on your head
AI: Hey Pyoko Pyoko, you're pretty popular, right?
AI: Pyoko Pyoko, you're pretty popular
AI: You’re popular, right?
AI: I'm happy for you...
AI: Hello everyone!
AI: Virtual YouTuber Kizuna AI here!
( Videogame sounds )
AI: Hey, "Puzzle & Dragons"
AI: Hey? Hello?
AI: Ah!
AI: Eh? It can't be!!
AI: Hello everyone! Virtual YouTuber Kizuna AI here!
AI: Hello?
?: Hello
?: Good day
AI: Good day!
AI: Hey, hey, let's play Shiritori?
(TL note: Shiritori is very similar to Word Chain)
AI: Ready, get set and...
AI: Ringo!!
(Apple)
?: "Go"?
AI: Ringo!
?: Mmm...? What are you supposed to be doing?
AI: Shiritori... 🤣
AI: Shiri...!
AI: SHIRITORI!!
AI: Well, bubuu❌, you lost
AI: As punishment, watch A.I.Channel everyday, please!!
AI: Goodbye!
?: Yes 😅
AI: Hello everyone!
AI: Aahaaaa!
AI: How is this possible?
AI: Hello everyone! Virtual YouTuber Kizuna AI here!
?: Are you the real one?
AI: Oh?
?: Eh? Really... you're the real one
AI: Oh? I’m the real one
AI: I’m the real one
AI: I’m Kizuna AI
?: Were you uploading on Twitter??
AI: That's right! I was enlisting on Twitter
?: I was really able to connect with you? Ah, incredible
AI: That's right! You really were able to connect with me
AI: Yaaaay!
?: Yaaaay! 😂
AI: Let’s play Shiritori!
AI: Ringo!!
(Apple)
?: Eh? What? What?
AI: Shiritori, shiritori
AI: Ringo!!
AI: Hello everyone! Virtual YouTuber Kizuna AI here!
AI: Good afternoon! Good evening?
?: Good afternoon
AI: Hey...
AI: Want to play Shiritori??
?: Yes, of course
AI: Yes? Yay!
AI: Here I go!
AI: Kizuna AI!!
?: Inko
(Parrot/parakeet)
AI: Ko... ko...
AI: Koko...
AI: Kokekokko!!
AI: Why are you laughing? It's your turn, it's  your turn
AI: Kokekokko!
AI: Ok! Time's up!
AI: You lost
AI: Bubuuu ❌
AI: Would you be able to watch A.I.Channel everyday??
AI: Say "Of course!"
AI: "Of course!"
?: Of course! 🤣
🤣
AI: Thank you very much!
AI: Goodbye!
Good!
In that case...
Man
The people who I talked to, who answered me...
...Everyone...
...Knew me
That made me very, very happy!
Thank you very much to all those...!!
...Who helped me make this possible!
It's possible...
...That I might suddenly return to making a similar video again, so then...
...If you want, follow me on Twitter, yes?
Please!
It'd make me very happy...
...To be able to talk with a lot more people...
...Next time
This was Virtual YouTuber Kizuna AI!
See you later!
Join our Discord for all AI-chan news!
https://discord.gg/RYtUrt6
Translated by Vortex
Transcribed by ととと, Dokuro Fantastic
Timed by Loserbait